azure deployment md file: corrected links to wdp packages and arm temp… (#520)
Sitecore/jss: docs/data/routes/docs/techniques/azure-deployment/en.md

## Step 2: Install the JSS server components (optional)

In case you already have Sitecore instance in Azure you have to use ARM templates methodology.

> 1. Download official released Sitecore JSS WDP package <https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore\_JavaScript\_Services/110/Sitecore\_JavaScript\_Services\_1100.aspx>
> 1. Download ARM templates for the appropriate topology available on the GitHub <https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore-Azure-Quickstart-Templates/tree/master/JSS%2011.0.1>

Reviewer: Thanks for calling attention to these links. Ideally, I'm thinking they shouldn't even be tied to a specific version. How about something like:
```suggestion
1. Download [official released Sitecore WDP packages](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_JavaScript_Services.aspx) for the appropriate JSS version and topology.
1. Download [ARM templates available on GitHub](https://github.com/Sitecore/Sitecore-Azure-Quickstart-Templates) for the appropriate JSS version and topology.
```

Author: thank you, corrected as suggested
